How I picked the places
I mostly find places on naver map! you can easily find places by just clicking a tag (ex. restaurant) in certain areas and the list will come up. I would recommend saving some locations depending on the reviews
In my opinion, most korean restaurants taste decent as long as the naver reviews aren't terrible. so I would say just explore the area, find some places that look good and look up to see their reviews, and if it's good then just go in and try!
my list is mostly cafe because it's easy to find restaurants with decent food but  it's a bit hard to find aesthetic cafes that aren't mainstream imo. 

Top areas to visit
Seong-su : lots of cafes and shops on the street (kind of expensive), lots of pop-up stores and exhibitions, i would say it's one of the most popular areas in seoul amongst ppl in their 20-30s!
Seochon & Bukchon Hanok village: the hanok village is a top tourist area so you probably heard of it already but i personally like seochon way better cos it's a lot quieter with better cafes and shops. If you like visiting bookstores & quiet cafes, defs check out seochon (it's near gyeongbokgung palace so you should check out)
Mangwon-dong: kind of retro, v local and a lot of small local cafes, you should also visit mangwon sijang if you got time
Yeonhui-dong: it's an area above hongdae I haven't been to yet but there seems to be lots of nice cafes here
Hannam-dong: it's like a fancy area near itaewon with a lot of restaurants and cafes! also a really big gallery called leeum is here so i would recommend visiting during the day
Haebang-chon: it's a nice area to walk around near namsan tower, there are lots of hills and stairs and very residential but the streets are very artsy and the night view is amazing if you go to one of their rooftop bars/cafes!

Cafe
Inwangsan Daechung
Ugly Bakery
Cafe layered (franchise)
Seongsu baking studio
Foreplan
Frolla
Summer lane Hannam
horangii coffee
super matcha
b-hind

Restaurants
seongsu myeongdang
palette hannam
hohosikdang (franchise)

Bars
Bar Cham
Daechungpark
Wynyard Seongsu (or any other bars on this street
Noy seoul
Damn good seoul
Firerobbersclub

Galleries / artsy shops
Leeum (gallery closed on mon)
LCDC seoul
Alpi
29cm seongsu
poset
onemorebag
MMMG in hannam
handle with care
H Fix
chapter 1
Point of View Seoul
louis poulsen in seongsu (suuppperrr $$$ but it's worth visiting just for window shopping)
cava.life
the conran shop (in gangnam-gu)
