
Living preferences
Jen - I prefer to keep the shared space nice and tidy. I make sure to not leave any dishes unwashed overnight and I also wipe after every time I use the kitchen. 

Cleaning
Jen - I would prefer to share cleaning supplies with everyone under the assumption that everyone contributes to the supply costs

Cooking
Jen - I usually cook most days, although when things get busy with school I’ll probably skip meals or eat out. I would really appreciate if everyone could do their dishes as soon as they finish eating, and also wipe the bench surfaces after every use. I don’t think we would need a schedule if everyone did their part in cleaning after themselves

Sleeping habits
Jen - 1-2 am weekdays, 1-3 weekends, wake up at 8-10 weekdays, 10-12 weekends, can’t sleep with light or music

Communication
Jen - I usually bring issues up and confront if needed, but I would also like to be as respectful as possible. As long as everyone respects each other’s differences I don’t think I will have any issues.

Health and hygiene
Jen - Mostly shower at night before bed from 12-1am, and I shower around 5 days a week. I don’t have any allergies.

Classes
Jen - 9 am classes 4 days a week, and all my classes finish before 3pm. I usually stay up late at night if I have work I have to finish by the next day.

Homework
Jen - I usually do homework after dinner time (after 7). On weekends, unless I go out, I usually stay home and try to do my work as soon as I wake up. I prefer to work in silence but I don’t mind having chill/calm music in the background (no lyrics, just instrumental). I prefer to work by myself and I usually find loud noises distracting (if it’s noisy even with my headphones on)


Living preferences
Room B - We like to keep our room neat and try to make the bed everyday. We also like to not have stuff lying around on the floor.

Cleaning
Room B - We share the vacuum to clean our room together. We both make sure to keep our own area clean, so that it’s fair for both of us. We will try to vacuum our room at least once a week, and we will try to clean the room everyday.

Personal property
Room B - We don’t share much stuff but we let each other borrow things when needed. We would like to be asked when our things need to be borrowed.

Guests in common area
Jen - I don’t mind having friends over, and I sometimes invite my friends over for dinner. I would prefer them gone by 11-12 and hang in the lounge if possible. I would prefer if guests are over when I’m not in the room.