broke my arm at around 3:30 pm

couldn't move at all
heard a crack (quite loud)

when i move my fingers, the muscles move very intensely around the broken bone

4/2/2023

7:47am
the swelling has gotten even worse, and the piercing pain inside is also growing more and more

5/2/2023

1:12am
i went to see two different doctors today, and got hospitalised for the surgery on monday. i feel more comfortable moving my fingers and lifting my arm up too

10:02pm
I’m trying to type with both hands right now and it’s quite difficult to use my fingers. I never realised you actually need to use your forearm muscle while typing..
they turn off the lights before 9pm and the elevator gets locked up 

6/2/2023

1:52pm
today is surgery day. yesterday, my arm sling ripped from the heavy weight of the arm cast + ice pack last night, so I asked the nurse to bring me a new one which I haven't received yet.
this morning, I didn't get a needle on my butt. i thought the pain has become more tolerable because i got better, but it was actually the painkiller that made the pain more tolerable

4:45pm
15mins till i go into the surgery room. Ahhhhhhhh I'm kinda nervous now, i hope it doesn't hurt too much
I'm also very hungry and I've been craving about stracciatella like crazy..

5:15pm
when i first got there, the anaesthesiologist was waiting. it wasn't as cold as i thought it would be. they tied my right arm up and unwrapped the bandage on my left arm. the doctor put my arm up in a position and started pinching my armpit to shoot the anaesthesia. i suddenly felt an electric tingle in my fingers and started feeling numb. that shit hurt like crazy

5:48pm
surgery started and i was wide awake. i still had some senses left in my fingers and arm but they eventually got completely numb to the point where i couldn't even move a millimeter. i could actually feel my skin get cut — as scary as it sounds, it actually felt pretty cool. i could feel what was going on without feeling any pain. 

i heard lots of cutting sound. i assumed they were cutting the layers of skin and muscles.
as i heard a beeping noise, i heard some sucking noise. it was probably the suction sucking my blood in.

i fell asleep briefly for like 20 minutes during surgery bc i got a little tired of looking at the same screen. i got woken up by some noises of the doctors speaking, then soon after i heard (and felt) some intense drilling. it was so strong that the drilling created some sort of wind that blew my hair. it felt weird that i didn't feel any pain bc i was pretty sure that they were drilling holes in my bone. also, they used a lot of force and pressure during the surgery. i even felt my bed moving and shaking a little every time the doctor was trying to do something. they also put all the tools on top of the cloth covering my body. the tools felt quite heavy on my feet, but i couldn't do much about it since i was tied up.

the surgery went on for longer than expected. i was told that it was a difficult surgery, as there were many shattered pieces of bones in the broken area. they concluded the surgery by stapling my skin. it actually sounded like a legit stapler. hope my scar isn't too big

7/2/2023

5:46 am
i woke up about an hour ago in the middle of my sleep. i was sweating quite a lot but i still couldn't feel any sort of sense or pain in my arm and fingers.
i tried hard to move my fingers; i used my right hand to bend them, and constantly pinched them to see if i could feel anything. 

as I'm writing this now, I'm starting to feel the anaesthesia wearing off. i can finally move my fingers a little and I'm also starting to feel the slight pain in my forearm. i wonder how bad the pain will be when the anaesthesia completely wears off..

8/2/2023

10:47pm
I hadn’t written anything yesterday because the day just went so quickly without having done much. I thought time would pass by a lot more slowly being in the hospital, but it actually passes by a lot quicker. 

Yesterday, I still didn't fully gain back the senses in my fin